
Authen::Krb5::Admin is an object-oriented interface to the Kerberos 5
admin server.  Currently only MIT KDCs are supported, but the author
envisions seamless integration with other KDCs.


PREREQUISITES

Authen::Krb5::Admin requires Perl 5.005 or greater and Jeff Horwitz's
Authen::Krb5 module from CPAN.


INSTALLATION

To install Authen::Krb5::Admin without testing, run the standard
sequence:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make install

The first step will prompt you for a principal with administrative
privileges on the KDC for running the test suite.  Re-run this step to
change which principal to use.

The build script will attempt to use the krb5-config tool to discover
the location of your Kerberos installation. This tool is part of the
krb5-devel package on Redhat and Fedora systems and is in the
libkrb5-dev package on Debian and Ubuntu systems. If it is not located
in /usr/local/bin/krb5-config or /usr/bin/krb5-config you can specify
the location using the KRB5_CONFTOOL environment variable.

If you have a non-standard installation you can override the following
locations by setting environment variables before running the
Makefile.PL script. The PREFIX path is found by using the krb5-config
tool.

   * KRB5_BINDIR - PREFIX/bin - Kerberos binaries
   * KRB5_LIBDIR - PREFIX/lib - Kerberos libraries
   * KRB5_INCDIR - PREFIX/include - Kerberos headers

Currently the install scripts do NOT correctly build for x86_64
systems where the libraries are installed in /usr/lib64 (e.g. Redhat
and Fedora). The workaround is to set the KRB5_LIBDIR environment
variable before running the Makefile.PL script, e.g.

export KRB5_LIBDIR=/usr/lib64

This will be corrected in a subsequent release.

TESTING

To run the test suite as part of the install, use

	perl Makefile.PL
	make test
	make install

This step requires administrative access to the KDC by the principal
specified in the first step.  It will create a principal, by default
"perl_test", which should NOT already exist on the KDC.  If you
already have a principal called perl_test, change Makefile.PL to use a
different test principal, and start over.


Stephen Quinney <squinney@inf.ed.ac.uk>
University of Edinburgh School of Informatics

Andrew J. Korty <ajk@iu.edu>
Indiana University
